Let's learn another important key term.
Well too for that matter one is expressions and the other one is statements.
You're going to hear this a lot when talking to programmers so what do they need.
Let's have a look.
If we create a piece of code here let's just say IQ is one hundred IQ has lowered and then let's say
user age is going to equal IQ divide by five an expression.
Is this part of the code.
It's a piece of code that produces a value.
In our case this produces a value right because a hundred divided by five is going to equal 20.
So this is an expression a statement on the other hand is an entire line of code not this entire thing
but an entire line of code that performs some sort of action.
In this case what action are we performing.
Well the action is that we're calculating a hundred divided by five and then assigning that value to
the variable user H.
So this is an expression.
This is a statement and also this is another statement so if you hear me mentioning these terms throughout
the course hopefully now you know what they mean.
I'll see the next one by.